Chapter 2

“What are you doing!!” Asks Staccy. “We were going to the castle to use the secret entre-.” Cody never finished his sentence. “You what?” exclaimed Rex. “You were going to use the secret entrance.” “But the sky is falling.” Said Skye, “I know because I live in the sky.” She joked. They were told to go use the mineshaft if they wanted to play underground. The twins, who were the daughter and son of the royals were told to not get their clothes dirty. They made their way to the mineshaft when they were at the entrance. There was a rumbling and a heavy wall of gravel fell down behind them. They were trapped! They decided to continue on and head towards the middle of the earth. They passed an item frame that had glass in front of it. It said to smash glass to get the key. They broke the glass and took the key. Immediately an iron door to the left opened and 5 zombie miners were let out. Their names were Shannon, Rector, Rentor, Ron, Atnes. They were the lost miners that founded this mine shaft. They each had a plasma rifle made of the hardest rocks from the island Never ever land. The plasma was made of poison and burned holes. They saw a chest and rushed to it. Remedy filled out the key and unlocked it. They also found plasma guns and also it came with a note. Here's what it said
Plasma gun colors
Black- Strongest
Blue-2nd strongest
Red-third strongest
Green-fourth strongest
Yellow-5th strongest

They realized that they needed the guns to help them beat the Zombies that were slowly lumbering to them. The kids all took a sword. Cody took Black, Skye took blue, Luca took red, Victoria took Green and Remedy took the yellow plasma gun. They suddenly heard a deafening rumble. They eliminated the last Zombies and ran toward a sound of a loud trombone. They found the people of Regtaco in the old meeting place under the ground. The people were all whispering worriedly but when they saw the king and queen climb on the underground town hall. They decided to stay and listen to what their royals wanted to say. Rex cleared his throat and said “Dear citizens of Regtaco. Our city is being threatened by an unknown city forcing the area of the sky over our heads and city to go down and not stop. We have collected radars and found that the people decided to go and destroy our fine city. We have a tape that was loaded into one of our movies. The place is called Never ever lands.” Cody suddenly yelled. “We have plasma rifles. It's from Never ever lands.” They decided to go to the caves that were put in the monster zones. 
